# CS250-Software-Development-Lifecycle

1. How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
    The best way to gain insight into user needs is to get input from real users. The users are the ones who deal with the product in a non-development manner. The product is made for the users to enjoy and benefit from so having their input on how the product can be improved upon only makes sense. The generation of “user stories” is a collection of real issues or improvements users would like to see added. This gives a sense of what direction the customers would like to see the system move in. It’s one thing to have a business decide which improvements to make. Users may or may not like these changes. However, when you implement changes, the community has desires for, there is oftentimes much more value added. 

3. How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
	Developing programs is a cyclical operation and one that is complemented very well with the agile framework. Oftentimes, programming is unlike other projects where there are stern set guidelines and a heavily thought-out structure. Programming is innovation so knowing that something probably won’t be fully correct the first time around allows for creativity. The use of agile helps in planning development through the gathering of requirements, analysis, and design stages and then allows for iterative programming through the development, testing, and implementation stages. In the future, I will be sure to keep this mindset. Instead of trying to make everything perfect the first time around, not being afraid to jump in and figure things out has its place. Going back to fix things is inevitable so getting started and making progress is the important part.

4. What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
	Being a good team member in software development covers everything from regular soft skills to knowing your specialized abilities. In general, being a good team member in software development is no different than being a good team member anywhere else. Being respectful, responsible, professional, and reliable are all characteristics any person on a team should try and master. Some things that team members on a software development team may also need are the ability to prepare proper documentation, strong collaboration skills, and the ability to own one’s work. Collaboration is essential, especially the smaller the team gets. Owning your work is also important as you should be putting as much effort as possible into your work and therefore be proud of what is produced. Lastly, documentation is important so that others can see, add, and change what you have done on the system when needed. Without proper documentation, it takes much longer to figure out what someone has done
